FILE LOCATION
usr/bin/gnuplot math/gnuplot-nox,math/gnuplot-x11
usr/lib/gnuplot/gnuplot_x11 math/gnuplot-x11
usr/share/doc-base/gnuplot doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot math/gnuplot
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/changelog.Debian.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/changelog.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/copyright doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/1.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/2.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/3.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/GM1_bonds.r3d.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/GM1_sugar.pdb.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/Makefile.am.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/Makefile.am.in doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/Makefile.in.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/airfoil.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/all.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/animate.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/animate2.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/approximate.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/arrowstyle.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/arrowstyle.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/asciimat.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/autoscale.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/barchart_art.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/battery.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/big_peak.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/binary.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/bivariat.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/bldg.png doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/blutux.rgb.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/borders.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/boxplot.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/candlesticks.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/candlesticks.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/charset.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/circles.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/cities.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/cities.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/clip14in.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/colorscheme.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/colorwheel.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/contours.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/controls.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/ctg-y2.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/dashcolor.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/datastrings.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/delaunay-edges.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/demo.edf.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/density.fnc doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/dgrid3d.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/discrete.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/electron.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/ellipse.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/ellipses.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/ellipses_style.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/empty-circles.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/energy_circles.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/enhanced_utf8.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/enhancedtext.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/epslatex.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/fillbetween.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/fillcrvs.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/fillstyle.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/finance.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/finance.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/fit.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/fit3.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/fontfile.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/fontfile_latex.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/glass.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/gnu-valley doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/gnuplot.cfg doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/gnuplot.rot doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/gpdemos.tcl.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/heatmaps.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/hemisphr.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/hexa.fnc doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/hidden.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/hidden2.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/histerror.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/histograms.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/histograms2.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/histopt.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/Makefile doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/Makefile.canvas doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/Makefile.svg doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/canvas_utf8.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/gnuplot_demo.css doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/index.canvas.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/index.save.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/index.svg doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/mouseable.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/mousebox.template doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/webify.pl doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/webify_canvas.pl.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/html/webify_svg.pl.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/image.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/image2.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/imageNaN.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/immigration.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/iterate.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/kdensity2d.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/key.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/klein.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/labelplot.pdb doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/layout.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/lcdemo.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/lena-keypoints.bin doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/lena.rgb.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/line.fnc doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/macros.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/margins.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/mgr.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/molecule.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/moli3.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/mouselab_1.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/mouselab_2.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/mouselabels.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/mousevariables.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/multiaxis.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/multimsh.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/multipalette.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/multiplt.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/nearmap.csv.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/optimize.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/orbital_elements.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/orbits.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/param.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/pm3d.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/pm3dcolors.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/pm3dgamma.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/pointsize.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/polar.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/poldat.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/prob.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/prob2.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/rainbow.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/random-points.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/random.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/rectangle.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/reflect.fnc doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/rgb_variable.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/rgb_variable.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/rgbalpha.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/running_avg.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/scatter.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/scatter2.bin doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/scatter2.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/silver.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/simple.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/sine.bin doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/singulr.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/smooth.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/sound.par doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/sound2.par doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/soundvel.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/spline.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/srl.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/starmap.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/start.par doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/stat.inc.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/stats.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/steps.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/steps.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/stringvar.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/surface1.dem.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/surface2.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/table.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/textcolor.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/textrotate.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/tics.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/timedat.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/timedat.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/transparent.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/transparent_solids.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/triangle.dat doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/using.bin doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/using.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/using.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/utf8.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/varcolor.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/vector.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/whale.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/world.cor doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/world.dat.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/world.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/examples/world2.dem doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/gnuplot.ps.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/gpcard.ps.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/2D_005fprojection_005f_0028set_005fview_005fmap_0029.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/3D_005f_0028surface_0029_005fplots.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Backwards_005fcompatibility.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Batch_002fInteractive_005fOperation.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Binary.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Bugs.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Canvas_005fsize.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Command_002dline_002dediting.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Command_005fIndex.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Commands.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Comments.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Concept_005fIndex.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Coordinates.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Copyright.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Datastrings.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Do.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/EllipticE.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/EllipticK.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/EllipticPi.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Enhanced_005ftext_005fmode.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Environment.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Expressions.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/External_005flibraries.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Fonts.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Function_005fIndex.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Functions.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Glossary.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Gnuplot_002ddefined_005fvariables.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Introduction.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Local_005fcustomization_005fof_005flinetypes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Mouse_005fvariables.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/New_005ffeatures.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/New_005for_005frevised_005fterminal_005fdrivers.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/New_005fplot_005fstyles.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/New_005fsmoothing_005falgorithms.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/New_005fsyntax.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/New_005ftime_002fdate_005fhandling.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Openstep_005f_0028next_0029.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Operators.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Options_005fIndex.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Plotting.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Quote_005fMarks.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Random_005fnumber_005fgenerator.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Revised_005fpolar_005faxes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Seeking_002dassistance.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Start_002dup_005f_0028initialization_0029.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Statistical_005fsummary_005fof_005fdata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/String_005fconstants_005fand_005fstring_005fvariables.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/String_005fvariables.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Substitution_005fand_005fCommand_005fline_005fmacros.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Substitution_005fof_005fstring_005fvariables_005fas_005fmacros.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Substitution_005fof_005fsystem_005fcommands_005fin_005fbackquotes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Summation.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Syntax.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Terminal_005fIndex.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Terminal_005ftypes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Ternary.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Time_002fDate_005fdata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/Unary.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/User_002ddefined_005fvariables_005fand_005ffunctions.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/VWS.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/While.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/X11_005fmouse.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/abs.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/acos.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/acosh.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/adjustable_005fparameters.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/aed767.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/aifm.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/airy.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/algorithm.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/angles.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/aqua.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/arg.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/array.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/arrow.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/asin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/asinh.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/atan.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/atan2.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/atanh.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/automated_005fiteration_005fover_005fmultiple_005fcolumns.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/autoscale.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/axes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/background_005fcolor.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/bars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/be.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/besj0.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/besj1.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/besy0.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/besy1.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/binary.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/bind.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/bind_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/bind_005fspace.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/bmargin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/border.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/boxerrorbars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/boxes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/boxplot.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/boxplot_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/boxwidth.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/boxxyerrorbars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cairo_005f_0028pdfcairo.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/call.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/candlesticks.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/canvas.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cbdata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cbdtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cblabel.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cbmtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cbrange.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cbtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cd.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ceil.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cgi.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cgm.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/circle.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/circles.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/clabel.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/clear.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/clip.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/clipping.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cntrparam.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/color_005fassignment.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/color_005fbox.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/colornames.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/colorspec.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/column.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/columnhead.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/complete_005flist_005fof_005fterminals.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/context.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/contour.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/control.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/control_005fvariables.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/corel.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cos.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cosh.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/cubehelix.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/data.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/data_002dfile.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/data_005fstyle.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/datafile.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/debug.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/decimalsign.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/defined.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/defined_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/deprecated_005foptions.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/dgrid3d.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/dospc.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/dots.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/doubleclick.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/dumb.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/dummy.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/dxf.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/dxy800a.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/eepic.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ellipse.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ellipses.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/elliptic_005fintegrals.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/emf.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/emxvga.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/encoding.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/endian.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/environment_005fvariables.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/epscairo.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/epson_005f180dpi.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/equal_005faxes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/erf.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/erfc.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/error_005festimates.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/errorbars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/errorlines.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/evaluate.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/every.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/example_005fdatafile.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/example_005fdatafile_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/excl.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/exists.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/exit.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/exp.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/expint.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/fig.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/file.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/filetype.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/filledcurves.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/fillsteps.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/financebars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/fit.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/fit_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/floor.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/fontpath.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/format.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/format_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/format_005fspecifiers.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/fsteps.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/function_005fstyle.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/functions.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/functions_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/functions_005f_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/gamma.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/gamma_005fcorrection.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/gd_005f_0028png.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/general.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ggi.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/gnuplot.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/gpic.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/gprintf.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/gprintf_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/grass.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/grid.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/grid_005fdata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/help.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/hidden3d.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/hidden3d_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/histeps.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/histograms.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/history.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/historysize.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/hp2623a.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/hp2648.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/hp500c.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/hpgl.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/hpljii.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/hppj.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ibeta.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/if.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/if_002dold.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/igamma.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/imag.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/image.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/image_005ffailsafe.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/imagen.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/impulses.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/index.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/int.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/interpolate.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/inverf.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/invnorm.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/isosamples.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/iteration.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/iteration_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/key.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/key_005fplacement.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/key_005fsamples.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/keywords.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/known_005flimitations.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/kyo.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/label.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/labels.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/lambertw.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/latex.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/lgamma.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/linecolor_005fvariable.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/lines.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/linespoints.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/linestyles_005fvs_005flinetypes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/linetype.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/linetypes.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/linux.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/lmargin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/load.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/loadpath.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/locale.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/log.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/log10.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/logscale.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/lower.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/lua.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/macintosh.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/macros.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mapping.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/margin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/matrix.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mf.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mif.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mouse.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mouse_005finput.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mouseformat.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mp.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/multi_002dbranch.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/multiplot.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mx2tics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mxtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/my2tics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mytics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/mztics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/newhistogram.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/next.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/norm.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/object.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/offsets.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/origin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/output.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/palette.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/parametric.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/parametric_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/parametric_005fmode.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/pause.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/pbm.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/pdf.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/plot.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/plot_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/plotting_005fstyles.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/pm3d.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/png_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/pointintervalbox.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/points.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/pointsize.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/polar.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/polar_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/polar_005fmode.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/polygon.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/position.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/postscript.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/postscript_005f_005f_0028also_005fencapsulated_005fpostscript_005f_002a_002eeps_0029.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/practical_005fguidelines.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/print.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/print_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/psdir.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/pstricks.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/pwd.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/qms.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/quit.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/raise.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rand.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ranges.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/raxis.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/real.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/record.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rectangle.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/refresh.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/regis.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/replot.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/reread.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/reset.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rgbalpha.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rgbcolor_005fvariable.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rgbformulae.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rgbimage.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rmargin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rrange.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/rtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/samples.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/save.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/scanorder.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/scrolling.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_002dshow.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fdatafile_005fbinary.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fdatafile_005fcommentschars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fdatafile_005ffortran.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fdatafile_005fmissing.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fdatafile_005fnofpe_005ftrap.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fdatafile_005fseparator.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005farrow.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005fcircle.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005fdata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005fellipse.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005ffill.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005ffunction.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005fincrement.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005fline.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/set_005fstyle_005frectangle.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/sgn.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/shell.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/short_005fintroduction.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/sin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/sinh.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/size.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/skip.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/smooth.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/special_002dfilenames.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/splot.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/splot_005fsurfaces.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/sprintf.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/sqrt.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/starting_005fvalues.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/statistical_005foverview.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/stats_005f_0028Statistical_005fSummary_0029.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/steps.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/strftime.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/stringcolumn.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/strlen.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/strptime.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/strstrt.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/style.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/substr.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/sun.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/surface.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/svg.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/svga.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/system.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/system_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/table.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tan.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tanh.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tek40.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tek410x.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/terminal.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/termoption.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/test.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/texdraw.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tgif.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/thru.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ticscale.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ticslevel.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/time.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/time_002fdate_005fspecifiers.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/timecolumn.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/timefmt.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/timestamp.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tips.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/title.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/title_005f.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tkcanvas.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tm_005fhour.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tm_005fmday.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tm_005fmin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tm_005fmon.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tm_005fsec.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tm_005fwday.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tm_005fyday.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tm_005fyear.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tmargin.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/tpic.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/trange.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/transparency.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/undefine.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/unixpc.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/unset.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/update.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/urange.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/using.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/valid.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/value.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/variables.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/vectors.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/version.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/vgagl.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/view.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/voigt.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/volatile.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/vrange.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/vx384.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/windows.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/with.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/word.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/words.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/wxt.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/x11.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/x2data.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/x2dtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/x2label.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/x2mtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/x2range.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/x2tics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/x2zeroaxis.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xdata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xdtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xerrorbars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xerrorlines.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xlabel.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xlib.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xmtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xrange.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xtics_005frangelimited.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xtics_005ftime_005fdata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xyerrorbars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xyerrorlines.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xyplane.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/xzeroaxis.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/y2data.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/y2dtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/y2label.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/y2mtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/y2range.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/y2tics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/y2zeroaxis.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ydata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ydtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/yerrorbars.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/yerrorlines.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ylabel.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ymtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/yrange.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ytics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/yzeroaxis.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zdata.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zdtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zero.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zeroaxis.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zlabel.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zmtics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zoom.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zrange.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/ztics.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/html/zzeroaxis.html doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/ps_file.doc.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/ps_fontfile_doc.ps.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/ps_guide.ps.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/ps_symbols.gpi.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/tutorial.dvi.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-doc/tutorial.ps.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/BUGS math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/FAQ.pdf.gz math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/NEWS.gz math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/README.1ST math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/README.Debian math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/README.gz math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/changelog.Debian.gz math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/changelog.gz math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-nox/copyright math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-x11/changelog.Debian.gz math/gnuplot-x11
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-x11/changelog.gz math/gnuplot-x11
usr/share/doc/gnuplot-x11/copyright math/gnuplot-x11
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot.gih math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/8859-1.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/8859-15.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/8859-2.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/8859-9.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/aglfn.txt math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/cp1250.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/cp1251.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/cp437.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/cp850.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/cp852.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/koi8r.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/koi8u.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/prologue.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/PostScript/utf-8.ps math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/app-defaults/Gnuplot math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/colors_default.gp math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/colors_mono.gp math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/colors_podo.gp math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/gnuplotrc math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/README math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/canvasmath.js math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/canvastext.js math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/gnuplot_common.js math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/gnuplot_dashedlines.js math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/gnuplot_mouse.css math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/gnuplot_mouse.js math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/gnuplot_svg.js math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/grid.png math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/help.png math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/nextzoom.png math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/previouszoom.png math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/js/textzoom.png math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/gnuplot/4.6/lua/gnuplot-tikz.lua math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/pm3d/README math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/pm3d/colorpts-demo.gp math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/pm3d/colorpts.awk math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/pm3d/pm3dCompress.awk math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/pm3d/pm3dConvertToImage.awk math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/gnuplot/pm3d/pts.dat math/gnuplot-nox
usr/share/info/gnuplot.info.gz doc/gnuplot-doc
usr/share/man/man1/gnuplot.1.gz math/gnuplot-nox,math/gnuplot-x11
usr/share/menu/gnuplot-nox math/gnuplot-nox
