root_dir: ${HOME}/.aptly
log_level: debug
log_format: default
database_open_attempts: 10
architectures: []
skip_legacy_pool: false
dep_follow_suggests: false
dep_follow_recommends: false
dep_follow_all_variants: false
dep_follow_source: false
dep_verboseresolve: false
ppa_distributor_id: ubuntu
ppa_codename: ""
serve_in_api_mode: true
enable_metrics_endpoint: true
enable_swagger_endpoint: false
async_api: false
database_backend:
    type: ""
    db_path: ""
    url: ""
downloader: default
download_concurrency: 4
download_limit: 0
download_retries: 5
download_sourcepackages: false
gpg_provider: gpg
gpg_disable_sign: false
gpg_disable_verify: false
gpg_keys: []
skip_contents_publishing: false
skip_bz2_publishing: false
filesystem_publish_endpoints: {}
s3_publish_endpoints: {}
swift_publish_endpoints: {}
azure_publish_endpoints: {}
packagepool_storage: {}

